== Mish-Dinners Web Application

This complete web app manages a calendar of meals prepared by volunteers.
Dan Milliron developed the application to satisfy the scenario of church congregations providing meals to
missionaries serving in the local congregation.
A congregation can have multiple missionary teams needing meals, and multiple families signing up to prepare the meals.
The web application is multi-tenant;
a single instance of the application can serve any number of individually-configured congregations.

=== Features:

* Automatic email reminders sent to the meal providers two days ahead of time 

* Meals can be served in-home or be "sack lunch"

* Any number of congregations, each operating independently

* Any number of meal providers

* Up to six individual recipient parties per congregation

* Each congregation has their own coordinator who does the data entry

=== The Meal Coordinator

Each congregation needs to have a meal coordinator.
The coordinator is responsible for printing out the calendar so it can be passed around during services for
congregation members to sign up.
After services, the coordinator uses a web browser to enter the sign-ups into the web application.
If a volunteer included their email address when they signed up,
the web application will automatically send the volunteer a reminder email two days in advance of the meal.
The coordinator can also print out the calendar for distribution to the meal recipients,
so the recipients will know who is providing the meals and how to contact the providers, if needed.

=== Tech Details

* Ruby 2.X

* Rails 4.X

* Developed for Heroku deployment, but Heroku is not required

=== Local Development MacOS Environment

set the following environment variables:
export EXCEPTION_NOTIFICATION_RECIPIENTS=[example1@example.com, example2@example.com]
export DATABASE_NAME=mishdb
export DATABASE_USER=<mac username>
export DATABASE_PASS=

==== setup:
rake db:setup
rake db:migrate
rake db:fixtures:load




